README.md, before:

isolate
=======

Isolate is a sandbox built to safely run untrusted executables,
offering them a limited-access environment and preventing them from
affecting the host system. It takes advantage of features specific to
the Linux kernel, like namespaces and control groups.

Isolate was developed by Martin Mareš (<mj@ucw.cz>) and Bernard Blackham
(<bernard@blackham.com.au>), who still maintain it. Several other people
contributed patches for features and bug fixes (see Git history for a list).
Thanks!

Originally, Isolate was a part of the [Moe Contest Environment](http://www.ucw.cz/moe/),
but it evolved to a separate project used by different
contest systems, most prominently [CMS](https://github.com/cms-dev/cms).
It now lives at [GitHub](https://github.com/ioi/isolate),
where you can submit bug reports and feature requests.

If you are interested in more details, please read Martin's
and Bernard's [paper](http://mj.ucw.cz/papers/isolate.pdf) presented
at the IOI Conference. Also, Isolate's [manual page](http://www.ucw.cz/moe/isolate.1.html)
is available online.

To compile Isolate, you need the headers for the libcap library
(usually available in a libcap-dev package).

You may need `a2x` (found in [AsciiDoc](http://www.methods.co.nz/asciidoc/a2x.1.html)) for building manual.
But if you only want the isolate binary, you can just run `make isolate`

Commit message:

Move changes to separate repository

README.md, after:

# isolate

NOTE: This is a fork of the [original repository](https://github.com/ioi/isolate) stripped to the most important parts. I may modify this to better suit my needs.

Isolate is a sandbox built to safely run untrusted executables,
offering them a limited-access environment and preventing them from
affecting the host system. It takes advantage of features specific to
the Linux kernel, like namespaces and control groups.

Isolate was developed by Martin Mareš (<mj@ucw.cz>) and Bernard Blackham
(<bernard@blackham.com.au>), who still maintain it. Several other people
contributed patches for features and bug fixes (see Git history for a list).
Thanks!

Originally, Isolate was a part of the [Moe Contest Environment](http://www.ucw.cz/moe/),
but it evolved to a separate project used by different
contest systems, most prominently [CMS](https://github.com/cms-dev/cms).
It now lives at [GitHub](https://github.com/ioi/isolate),
where you can submit bug reports and feature requests.

If you are interested in more details, please read Martin's
and Bernard's [paper](http://mj.ucw.cz/papers/isolate.pdf) presented
at the IOI Conference. Also, Isolate's [manual page](http://www.ucw.cz/moe/isolate.1.html)
is available online.

To compile Isolate, you need the headers for the libcap library
(usually available in a libcap-dev package).

(NOTE: I removed the documentation, get it from the original repository) You may need `a2x` (found in [AsciiDoc](http://www.methods.co.nz/asciidoc/a2x.1.html)) for building manual.
But if you only want the isolate binary, you can just run `make isolate`
